## Quick start: or spreadsheet-to-webpage in 10 seconds

Now we'll walk you through an example of building a **view**.

First, we'll need a sample data set.  We're going to start by turning
[this Excel spreadsheet](data/simpson2008.xls) containing siRNA
migration screen data into a simple, searchable data table.  First, we
login to our Judoon account, which will take us to this page:

![moo](img/quickstart-overview.png)

Next, we in the click on the 'Upload Dataset' button and select our
spreadsheet.

![moo](img/quickstart-upload.png)

Click 'Submit', and then you will be taken to a page that looks like
this:

![moo](img/quickstart-view.png)

**Presto!** You now have a searchable, sortable data
table!  Try typing in the search bar to see how the displayed rows
automatically get filtered. Click on the up/down arrows next to the
column names to changes the sort order of the data.

![moo](img/quickstart-table-fun.png)

Next, lets look at how to customize the header, preamble, and
postamble on our view.


## Customizing our view

A dynamic table is great, but you probably want to customize it beyond
the boilerplate provided.  Click on the `Edit` tab, and your screen
will look like this:

![moo](img/customizing-edit.png)

To change the **title**, click on the text and a toolbar with formatting
buttons will appear.  Type whatever text you like inside the box.

![moo](img/customizing-title.png)

You can highlight portions of the text and use the buttons to set
the inline formatting that you want.  Available options include:
bolding, italics, underlining, strikethroughs, superscripts, and
subscripts.

![moo](img/customizing-title-style.png)

Next, edit the **preamble**.  Editing the preamble is a lot like
editing the title, but with many more formatting options available to
you.

![moo](img/customizing-preamble.png)

We'll ignore the column editing for now.  If you'd like to jump ahead,
see [Fancier views](#fancier-views). At the bottom of the page is the
**postamble**, which you can edit just like the preamble.

![moo](img/customizing-postamble.png)

When you're done editing, click the `Save` button, and you'll be
notified that your changes have been saved.

![moo](img/customizing-click-save.png)

![moo](img/customizing-saved.png)

Click on the `Preview` tab and you can see your new view as it will
appear in all it's awesome glory!

![moo](img/customizing-preview.png)

Now, we'll talk about making our new view publicly available.
    
## Publishing our data

![moo](img/0.png)

## Fancier views: adding emphasis, links, & images

![moo](img/0.png)

## Annotating data for easier linking

![moo](img/0.png)

## Joining other datasets

![moo](img/0.png)

## Hosting your own webpage

![moo](img/0.png)


## Formatting your spreadsheet

One worksheet, worksheet name == dataset name (changable later), first
row is column headers, all following rows are data.

For now, columns are immutable, so trim anything you don't want to
upload.

![moo](img/spreadsheet-sample.png)
